Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was kind of crazy and I'm not really bad grammar had one bird bonds. But I had no idea what I was doing.
Donna Jochimsen: So either way to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take care of her right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well this one at least
Donna Jochimsen: This was borrowed right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: You don't have to do all the care you just got to do the loving
Donna Jochimsen: Like a grandparent, right.
Donna Jochimsen: You have to care and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, some of the 11 all the 11. That's it. No dirty diapers dirty diapers.
Donna Jochimsen: That's right.
Donna Jochimsen: Good, I'm good. A little bit sleepy, excuse me, my, I don't have any makeup. I'm not even sure I brush my hair that's
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. Eight o'clock. Certainly.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, not usually the I've been taking Seroquel
Donna Jochimsen: And does it help me sleep better, and it's getting harder for me to get up earlier, but I got, I did it. I got up. I'm here at all together here, but I am here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, at least you here. So tell me about your book.
Donna Jochimsen: Tell me about my book. Okay. Well, it's been a little bit more difficult for me to to work in my book that the the the chapter about words is really long and
Donna Jochimsen: It's a little bit complicated, not complicated, but it's a lot to think about. There's a lot of exercises in it. The first few chapters were fairly straightforward and pretty easy. But this one's a little bit, a little bit harder, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: See, let me see if I can explain it. The fact that you can use different words for the same thing, but they might
Donna Jochimsen: mean something. Yeah. Right. You know,
Donna Jochimsen: It's just, it's, it's a little bit more difficult taking me a little bit more time, but I'm really, I really still enjoying it. I'm learning so much
Donna Jochimsen: From it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wrote was the first two chapters about
Donna Jochimsen: The first two chapters were basically well. The first one was an introduction. The second one was about
Donna Jochimsen: Every everybody saw everybody stuff every human suffers your, you know, like, you're not alone all human
Donna Jochimsen: Suffer
Donna Jochimsen: They go through suffering and you know and and how we get through that suffering means means a lot is basically what the second chapter, was it
Donna Jochimsen: There was a list of all the things that you think make you suffer like I put my bipolar my my my my issues with my mother, you know, things like that, but
Donna Jochimsen: Things that stick with you that that cause you suffering, you know and and that part was easier for me to do, then, then the associations with words because it's not
Donna Jochimsen: It's not just as simple as words matter, although they do, but I think he's trying to explain that that because we're human only humans.
Donna Jochimsen: Use words and logic and and try and and that kind of thing. Animals down
Donna Jochimsen: And that because we do. It's one of our greatest assets because it helps us figure out problems and learn new things. It's also one of our biggest enemies because our words and our thoughts. Keep us trapped in where we're at.
Donna Jochimsen: Right and so affect how an effect how we see it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow yeah pretty powerful. It's true. You know, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, more to be sharper than knives.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, they can and we use them on ourselves more than other people use it on us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hat is 100% true
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, in a they call that the shitty committee, right.
Donna Jochimsen: Yep. Yeah.
It's
Donna Jochimsen: It's I'm learning different ways of thinking of
Donna Jochimsen: Things you know yeah
Donna Jochimsen: I've always done that a little bit like when my husband died my my kids just expected me to fall apart, you know, after 42 years of being married and
Donna Jochimsen: And I don't know right from the very start. I knew it was I knew how horrible it was going to be. I knew it. But my attitude was you know what
Donna Jochimsen: I am going to look at this as a new opportunity you know and and I've tried to do that over the last few years, I've tried to see it as an opportunity for for growth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know yeah yeah definitely making changes and doing what you need to do for Donna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no.
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, which was which really helped me get out of stay out of the OH, WOE IS ME, then you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, it's like
Donna Jochimsen: Oh, oh boaster yes it's sad but know what was that you
Donna Jochimsen: Make a new life, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, when we realized that we have voices and that we can choose to do things differently. And when we can choose to go wherever we want to go where we can you know be in develop whoever we want to be. It's pretty amazing.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, it isn't.
Donna Jochimsen: Especially as a as a heroin addict. I was really tied up with the
Donna Jochimsen: You know, nothing's ever going to change. This is just the way it is. I have to just accept this.
Donna Jochimsen: I really got stuck in that I'm not seeing any way out.
Donna Jochimsen: So, you know, for me to for me to decide that my husband step was sad, but also the best opportunity I ever had was, was really a big thing.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's a loss for sure, you know, and it's trying to figure out, you know how to walk through the grief. TAKE CARE OF YOUR DAD TAKE CARE OF Donna You know what I mean is just a lot
Donna Jochimsen: You know my dad.
Donna Jochimsen: My dad has been so easy. He has forgotten that he ever lived somewhere else he's happy at my brother's he's so happy.
Donna Jochimsen: I don't. All I am very, very much. Now, because of the coven thing I'm worried about him, but
Donna Jochimsen: When I talked to him on the phone. Of course, he still has been and that is so happy. And he wasn't happy when he was at home. He was not
Donna Jochimsen: You know, he was depressed. He was. Yeah, he was depressed. So that's what it was.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, and he's not depressed anymore. He has people around him all the time. Now, is that my brother and and his wife and her two kids. And so, you know, he he's living a life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good so good.
Donna Jochimsen: So good. That makes me feel so much better i i'm worried. I, I take things on I take it up things I'm pretty hard.
Donna Jochimsen: It was my responsibility to take care of him, but I was doing it from a distance. I was going over to three times a day, you know, and it wasn't the same as having as living with people. It wasn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes a difference.
Donna Jochimsen: It does is dementias. He actually even better. You know, because he
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know, it talks to people and he's involved again and it's it's a wonderful thing to watch. I, I couldn't be happier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, which makes it easier to get, you know, do the things that you want to do for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah yeah
Donna Jochimsen: Because the things slowed me down a little bit. I've already miss my trip to Oregon twice.
Donna Jochimsen: But we're still planning on it as soon as we're traveling restrictions, you know, let up a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As important you know where else is it that you want to go.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, I don't know, I've never, I've always been content with my family and just being here. So I really don't know. I need to get out and around and see where else it is. I might
Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely being able to get out and experience and do things, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's going to be huge. Yep, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, this I was ready to go to this code thing really did but that's all right. It gave me a little more time for self reflection in a little more time for assault work.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, and, and I spend a lot of time with my granddaughter's we do zoom, zoom meetings with my granddaughters and and I try to think of them more more than I used to think of myself. I used when my husband verse died, I was pretty wrapped up in my cell.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, and, and it's it's been good for me and then they've Mr grandma.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, and they're the ones that are in Oregon.
Donna Jochimsen: I've got, I have got, let's see two granddaughters and Oregon, and I've got two that live about 25 miles away. And to that little about 40 miles away.
Oh, wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they're just kind of scattered in a little bit.
Donna Jochimsen: A little bit there. They're easy i i go see them way more often, you know, I go to my daughter and Brookings I go to dinner with them and I spend holidays, a lot of holidays with
Donna Jochimsen: My daughter and I UT
Donna Jochimsen: That was my most difficult relationship, but we've repaired it so well. She's the one that on her daughter's birthday. I was disappointed that I couldn't go so on April 14
Donna Jochimsen: So all of a sudden somebody pulls up and I'm like, What the heck I go out there and there's there's Penelope and Samantha in the car.
Donna Jochimsen: With the windows rolled down and they came, they came here first for Penelope his birthday, so I was able to get her her President saying Happy birthday, and Samantha brought to cupcakes.
Oh,
Donna Jochimsen: blow out candles and sing happy birthday. Yeah, that one's for she's five but don't say for she's now five
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, so
Donna Jochimsen: It was important to her, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god, that would be awesome.
Donna Jochimsen: I cried when they laughed. I really did. Just, just the fact that I have repaired that relationship so well.
Donna Jochimsen: We've talked. We've talked a lot. She was
Donna Jochimsen: She was about 15 maybe I think in 2003 when I went away to the Methadone clinic in Ukiah California
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, and I was. I thought I was doing the right thing. I really did. I needed to go. I needed some kind of help and. And so I went and then 30 days into it. My mom died.
Donna Jochimsen: And I wanted to come home, really bad, but my family all said, nope. Nope, you stay where you're at, you're doing what you should be doing, you know, I, I came for the funeral and that kind of thing. But I wasn't there for my mom and my 15 year old daughter.
Donna Jochimsen: Had a lot of resentment to me.
Donna Jochimsen: About that.
You know,
Donna Jochimsen: She told me she said, you know, Mom, dad has been in and out of my life. But you're my mom. You were supposed to be there for me and she's right.
Donna Jochimsen: She's absolutely right. Even if even if my intentions were the best, and I was trying to get better, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: I let her down. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which you know we do even if you were not struggling with addiction. It's still a possibility as as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Parents, we still better children town, you know, I'm not intentionally, for sure.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it happens.
Donna Jochimsen: I didn't, I didn't even know that she was that let down until
Donna Jochimsen: Well, after her dad died sometime when we were in the car and she told me. But in my mind, I'm thinking
Donna Jochimsen: I'm doing I'm doing what I need to do for me and for our family and, you know, so this is the right thing to do, but she didn't see it that way. And as a matter of fact, from that day on, we had
Donna Jochimsen: We thought like crazy. She called me a bit every single morning. I would just this she was angry, she really was.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now.
Donna Jochimsen: She's over it now to see also is old enough now she's got kids and she's old enough now to see that. But I did do what I need. It should have been doing and that
Donna Jochimsen: You know, but but it was hard for her. It really was.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love that you guys are building this good relationship now of healing, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Me to really made to the other three we've always been fairly close or at least we could talk about it. You know, if someone was mad at me. They just say I'm just a mom, you know, whatever.
Donna Jochimsen: Actions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good. I could never
Donna Jochimsen: I couldn't figure that out. I'm thinking, what's wrong with this kid, you know, but
Donna Jochimsen: Now, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now you know what's right and the funny part is that they're individuals. So they respond to situations differently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I think that we forget that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, totally forget it. The other two will find, why isn't this one fine. And you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But when we individualize them as people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's different because then you can see
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, and she's definitely definitely a different person. She's I would cut classify like other three children is very similar. And she's, she's a firecracker she always has been, like, a little firecracker since the day she was born, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: very emotional her emotions. You're just right there. If you make her mad. There is no question about it. You can just watch that anger just roll over her face.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, but she's also the most loving, caring, kid, but I have to press president. She's completely president, you know, she. She's a, she's a wonderful kid. She's doing great. Now,
Donna Jochimsen: So earning. Yeah, me too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is just cool, really, really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just story to be told, that's for sure.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you still going to meetings online and engaging with them.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah I am, I, I've been going to women. Women for recovery about at least once a week, sometimes twice, but at least once a week.
Donna Jochimsen: It's
Donna Jochimsen: Going it's going it's going ok i i prefer face to face meetings.
Donna Jochimsen: But
Donna Jochimsen: You know, for, for right now, it's, it's a really good thing. And even when I go back to face to face meetings loves I'll continue to go because
Donna Jochimsen: I have began to build relationships and they're all great women and and they're all there to support women in any way that they can, if you have a problem. They there's probably 10 level. I'm right there with with some kind of advice or or help for you. You know, so
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It means a lot.
Donna Jochimsen: It does mean a lot, especially at times when you're stuck home alone. A lot. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. When the world opens up and you know we're able to engage with others, a little bit more freely. It's definitely going to feel like a privilege, you know, to me,
Donna Jochimsen: It's probably gonna feel really weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just
Donna Jochimsen: Being home all the time felt being back out in the world is probably going to feel just a strange for a little while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think so too. It'll be good. It'll be exciting.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh, it will be good. I have no doubt about it. It will be good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there like a questionnaire at the end of each chapter in your book or things that they want you to look at
Donna Jochimsen: It's not so much a questionnaire. There are
Donna Jochimsen: Like problem or write things they want you to think about and to work through all through the chapter.
Donna Jochimsen: That's one of the things that slowed me down with with the words chapter is it's really long and there's probably almost I'm going to guess between 30 and 40 different exercises in in that section.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, yeah, it's a long one. It's a big one. He definitely wants me to think about that a lot.
Donna Jochimsen: There's a focus on that so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you just kind of brought me back around to in my head words do matter and they do hurt. And we really have to watch
Donna Jochimsen: I don't just her. They help encourage they help, they do whatever your intentions are, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, big time. And so how long do you think it'll take you to get through the chapter, how long are you going to give yourself.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm getting pretty close. I've been a little bit slow because I've been doing some remodeling in my house. But I'm thinking that
Donna Jochimsen: Maybe by next week, I should be done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. And then we'll kind of review it a little bit.
Donna Jochimsen: For sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. I'm very, very, very interested in Curious to see you know and learn more about it.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I've learned. I've learned a lot. It's mainly think Allah, you know, it's good. That's exactly what it's supposed to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. It is really, really good. Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: SO YOUR DAD'S good your kids are good, you're good. Have you been struggling with any issues at all.
Donna Jochimsen: No, I can't. I cannot think of any issues that I have been struggling with
Donna Jochimsen: A
Donna Jochimsen: I am alone, but I don't feel alone because like I said I my kids, contact me every single morning. We have zoom meetings all the time. Sometimes just the grandkids subs in meetings.
Donna Jochimsen: They get, they get mom to come up and we felt stupid jokes and I
Donna Jochimsen: See seven I think seven year old daughter just loves to tell poop jokes.
Donna Jochimsen: So she saves up all over poop jokes for grandma.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't it funny. Some of the things they come up with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they do go through this period where they're fascinated with poop. I don't know what that is.
Donna Jochimsen: Like my daughter's like I don't know. Mom, I'm sorry. I'm like, No, it's okay at all kids go through
Donna Jochimsen: A fascination with food.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I don't know what that's about. You
Donna Jochimsen: Know it's part of their bodily function.
Donna Jochimsen: And and it sounds. You know, I think they just they find that funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, yeah. And then there's poop emojis. And you know what I mean, yeah, all over the place so
Donna Jochimsen: You don't want help her last one was so crazy. It was like, why did the poop cross the road. And I'm like, oh, Abby. I DON'T KNOW WHY DID THE BLUE CROSS THE ROAD. SHE SAID SHE GET OUT OF HERE, but it can't stay there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
Donna Jochimsen: bouncer idea of a poop joke.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Seven.
Donna Jochimsen: YouTube star. She does little videos for me but I swear it's the dumbest things, but the tone of verbal
Donna Jochimsen: The tenor. She's got the YouTube sound down pat.
Donna Jochimsen: She sounds like she's doing a YouTube. YouTube
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They do nowadays, you know, Tick tock in YouTube and you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's that whole online universe.
Donna Jochimsen: I've been watching a little more YouTube and then I usually do. It's one I have the Roku and so YouTube is one of the channels that I could get. And I've been watching like cooking shows and things like that. But they do they all have that very calm, very slow, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: As she has she has that really good
Donna Jochimsen: So,
Donna Jochimsen: Um, let's see.
Donna Jochimsen: My son does not have children. He is. He and his son has been are gay and their children are too beautiful Akira dogs.
Donna Jochimsen: I mean they're gorgeous and the most you can tell he would be a good parent because those are the most well mannered
Donna Jochimsen: Calm dogs. I've ever been around, even though they're huge.
Donna Jochimsen: And my oldest daughter has has to
Donna Jochimsen: Madeline is 13 and she's a little disappointed. She plays volleyball and her team had made it to the, the final the United States finals and they were supposed to go to Dallas, Texas, this summer.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah and that all got canceled. Yeah. And then her youngest daughter is nine, and she's just a little ABSOLUTE LOVE BUG. She loves everybody. She's always trying to keep peace in the house.
Donna Jochimsen: That that's her. That's her job.
Donna Jochimsen: L and Samantha's kids, the oldest one. It plays basketball and does really well at school, the youngest one Penelope just turned five and she dances. She, she's a dancer. She adds programs that
Donna Jochimsen: Are local auditorium now. Um, let's see, okay, these two
Donna Jochimsen: Well, the oldest one is the poop. Good.
Donna Jochimsen: Season season first grade, and she likes poop jokes and the youngest one is
Donna Jochimsen: Just fire and ice. She you can see her again like her like her auntie Sammy, you can just watch her emotions play over her face and you know you better inner better get in there right away and change the tenor or life's gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Love it.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, that's my youngest granddaughter. So those are the that's our lab.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, it's great you know when we're building relationships and things are getting good you know within them. And I mean, really, honestly. That's what life's all about, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Donna Jochimsen: For them, and some was that in some ways they had an advantage. I didn't use drugs for like the first 1314 years of their lives or oldest ones lives.
Donna Jochimsen: That made it really hard on him. He wanted to say this mom, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: But they all got they all got a really good feel for who mom really is.
Donna Jochimsen: So you know they they knew me before I started using and
Donna Jochimsen: In some ways, it made it easier for now. At the time, I think it made it harder because I wanted to know, where did my mom go
Well, I happen.
Donna Jochimsen: But they remember they all got they got a pretty if they say the first five years is the most important
Donna Jochimsen: For a lot of things they got good saw a good solid five years. So I'm sure that that's helped them all become successful and happy people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. Very much so. And, you know, even through your addiction, you've taught them.
Donna Jochimsen: I did I was there, I was as present as possible which
Donna Jochimsen: wasn't always that possible, but I but I tried the best that I did. I was the best mother that I could even at that time. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good, you know, and you've got to have some kind of solace on that, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: I do. I have a lot. I never, I've never hit one of my children and they, you know, they always had plenty to eat that close. I went to their things, but I wasn't always present.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah. Hundred percent present and bad and that I do do know.
Donna Jochimsen: And plus, I hope that there. I hoped that there are the things that I needed to go do with them started after I could get well.
Donna Jochimsen: We were late for a few things because about that. Yeah, I have. I have guilt. I do.
Donna Jochimsen: But you know, I decided to let that go. Because that guilt that I've been packing around all these years, I, I made it. For one thing, I made it worse in my head, then then based out and it was keeping me from
Donna Jochimsen: Having healthy relationships.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: You can't bring your guilt with you can't bring guilt and to be a good mom again, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because then we wind up overcompensating to the point of no good do it's unhealthy on that side of things, do you know so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Letting it go and realizing that it's in the past and you're doing the best that you can do now and you have these amazing relationships with them now. You know what I mean way outweighs any big huge luggage that you carry around the field.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Donna Jochimsen: I I made I actually will cover. Here's where words matter.
Donna Jochimsen: I convinced myself that even though they weren't holding any of that against me.
Donna Jochimsen: I felt like I didn't deserve to spend time with them. I felt like I would let them down again. If I spent time with them, which made me stay distant from them, even after I got clean, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah. And I finally just thought to myself, well, not just that's just really stupid, you know, let it go now. And I hate to say it was that easy, but it almost it pretty much was that easy. Just
Donna Jochimsen: Once you when you're ready.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're ready
Donna Jochimsen: When you're ready, you're ready yeah I struggled with that for years. But yeah, one day, it's just like, Oh, now that's really dumb. You're never going to have the relationship that you want and they need if you keep talking guilt around and thinking you don't deserve it.
Donna Jochimsen: And maybe, maybe you don't. But they do.
Donna Jochimsen: So, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you do
Donna Jochimsen: You like yes I do. Yes, I do.
Donna Jochimsen: I agree, but at that at when I first started thinking like that my thought was, maybe you don't. But they do. And you're right. I absolutely do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're my favorite one. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to work on chapter two and then we're going to review it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week or the week after. Are we meeting every week or every other
Donna Jochimsen: Every other every other week I'll
Donna Jochimsen: Definitely have it done by by then in two weeks, I will have it done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me just double check my calendar, because I'm I noticed that if I don't
Donna Jochimsen: Yet, please do. Oh my goodness. I don't know what happened was it last week when I logged in, and nothing ever happened, and
Donna Jochimsen: After about 15 minutes I went back to the admissions and they said that they would try and they would call me, but no one ever called me. I just, I sat there for eight. It's about five minutes to eight to eight teen and you didn't come on and I knew that wasn't like you
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah alright so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today is the 24th. So the 11th.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry. The 12 as well as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: May 12 is the Tuesday.
Donna Jochimsen: Just a minute, I'm writing it.
Donna Jochimsen: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you, you know, want it sooner than just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can email me or you can let me know a group
Donna Jochimsen: Of your email address.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me give it to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're ready. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's R EV ans. So, R.
Donna Jochimsen: A N. S.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'll say revenues are Rebecca Evans. So our for my first name and then Evans EV ans
Donna Jochimsen: Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: He a Ms. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At Brian
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At bright heart health.com yes
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, I got it now or else I would have contacted you before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing
Donna Jochimsen: Sir, just tell you how sorry I was that I missed those appointments, I, I do not miss appointments. I am horrified. I'm like the kid but
Donna Jochimsen: If I was going to be two minutes late for school. I just refused to go, No I'm not, you know, I, I hate being late. I hate not showing up and it's kind of a thing in line. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, we got it now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: will communicate and email and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know if anything happens or changes and you need, you know, to get in sooner or, you know, you can't make that one you just let me know. You can email me.
Donna Jochimsen: All right, Rebecca, I will absolutely do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it'll make things a lot easier it'll take pressure off of the care coordinators. I just know that they're blowing up up there. You know what I mean with everything going to zoom and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think they have enough hands. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, well,
Donna Jochimsen: They probably don't. They work hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They really really do and they're good. They're good group of people. I mean, every single one of them are really
Donna Jochimsen: Agree. I've had nothing but really positive experiences with all of them.
Donna Jochimsen: Not just
Donna Jochimsen: Not just attacking people but but people that help you do your you is all of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of them. Yeah, they're hard workers and you know I have to remember that, too, that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I have to take myself off that unique list and realize that I'm not alone. There are 50 therapists on this, you know, in this company and they've got attract them all. And so, you know, if I can help out in any way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, then I'm more than happy to do that. So,
Donna Jochimsen: All right, well, I don't see any any reason with may 12 being a problem.
Donna Jochimsen: You did say hey girl right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I did, yeah. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have an awesome two weeks.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I will.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will see you in group on Monday.
Donna Jochimsen: All right, Rebecca. I've missed talking to you. I like talking to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, I know, I know. I like talking to you, till
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't wait till we can go through your chapter that you're working on.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, I'm getting closer to that one. It is really a long one, it's it's it's a long one. And not just that, but all of the chapters. You know, like they'll have a few paragraphs and then there's some work to do.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, so
Donna Jochimsen: None of them are quick, but this one is really, really long. And it's really, really making me think, have to think really hard. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are the good ones, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Yep.
Yep. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will catch you later. You have a great two weeks.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, Rebecca. Have a nice day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.
Bye bye.